content=JiaoYing Chinese Culture and Art School was founded in 1997. It is located inside Portland State University of Oregon, a beautiful west coastal state of United States. Our school has comprehensive programs including Chinese language, fine art, dance and martial arts. New school year starts every September, there are 4 terms each year and 10 weeks in each term.
JiaoYing Chinese Culture and Art School has built up its reputation through featured education and emphasis on creativity. The success in fine art education has encouraged its students to participate in series of competitions, from which a total of 158 awards have been won since 2001. In Federal Junior Duck Stamp Art Contest of year 2006, Kelley  Qu/Crystal Liu/Jordan Lei won 1st place award, (there are totally 10 winners from our school)  and in 57th Annual A'vat'  Amy Award of 2006, Mengru Liang won Animal Advocate Prize (  a total of 11 winners are from our school), In 2005 Federal Junior Duck Stamp Art Contest, Nancy Tsang won Best of Show in Oregon, Lulu Xiao won the overall grand prize in 56th annual "Be Kind to Animals" poster contest sponsored by Oregon Humane Society. The crayon artwork of three students from JiaoYing Chinese Culture and Art School are accepted by World Children Art Museum.   In the "Drawing the Line on Gun Violence" National Poster Contest of 2002, Mimi Yan won the second place award. She attended the reception on Capitol Hill, where Oregon Congressman David WU presented the award to her. In addition, the students from dancing and martial arts classes are frequently invited to perform in community activities and traditional events in Portland area. Their performances received great remarks from local community.
A professional team of experienced and bilingual teachers and the detail-oriented teaching philosophy contribute to the development and achievement of JiaoYing Chinese Culture and Art School.  Principle Jiao Ying is a senior education specialist herself. She was honored as Outstanding Teacher by US Children Art Center and Oregon Humane Society. She received the 21st Century Art Contribution Award from the US Asian Pacific Art Academy. China State Council honored her as an Outstanding Overseas Teacher.
Years of effort has made JiaoYing Chinese Culture and Art School a well-known culture entity in the Portland area. Children of many families learn their first Chinese character from our school. 